README.md, before:

#ArkC-client

ArkC is a lightweight proxy based on Python 3 and PyCrypto. It is designed to be proof to IP blocking measures.

ArkC-Client is the client-side utility. It may require NAT configuration if the client is behind a router.

##Setup and Requirement

Running ArkC-Client requires Python 3 and PyCrypto.

For Debian or Ubuntu users:
    
```
sudo apt-get install python3 python3-pip python3-dev
sudo pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

NAT configuration may be necessary to make the client receives requests from the server, so that a connection may start.

##Usage

Run 

```
python3 main.py [-h] [-v] -c <Path of the config Json file, default = config.json>
```

In this version, any private certificate should be in the form of PEM without encryption, while any public certificate should be in the form of ssh-rsa. Note that ssh-rsa files should not include extra blank lines because they are used for hash.

For the configuration file, you can find an example here:

```
{
    "remote_control_host":"example.com",
    "local_cert":"client.pem",
    "remote_cert":"server.pub",
    "local_cert_pub":"client.pub"
}
```

For a full list of settings:

| Index name            | Value Type & Description | Required / Default|
| ----------------------|:------------------------:| -----------------:|
| remote_control_host   | str, UDP dest. host      | REQUIRED          |
| remote_control_port   | integer, UDP dest. port  | 9000              |
| local_host            | str, proxy listening addr| "127.0.0.1"       |
| local_port            | integer, proxy port      | 8001              |
| remote_host           | str, listening host      | "0.0.0.0"         |
| remote_port           | integer, listening port  | 8000              |
| number                | integer, how many conn.  | 3                 |
| local_cert            | str, path of client pri  | REQUIRED          |
| local_cert_pub        | str, path of client pub  | REQUIRED          |
| remote_cert           | str, path of server pub  | REQUIRED          |

##License

Copyright 2015 ArkC contributers

The ArkC-client and ArkC-server utilities are licensed under GNU GPLv2. You should obtain a copy of the license with the software.

ArkC is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

ArkC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with ArkC.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

add acknowledgements for pyotp adapted

README.md, after:

#ArkC-client

ArkC is a lightweight proxy based on Python 3 and PyCrypto. It is designed to be proof to IP blocking measures.

ArkC-Client is the client-side utility. It may require NAT configuration if the client is behind a router.

##Setup and Requirement

Running ArkC-Client requires Python 3 and PyCrypto.

For Debian or Ubuntu users:
    
```
sudo apt-get install python3 python3-pip python3-dev
sudo pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

NAT configuration may be necessary to make the client receives requests from the server, so that a connection may start.

##Usage

Run 

```
python3 main.py [-h] [-v] -c <Path of the config Json file, default = config.json>
```

In this version, any private certificate should be in the form of PEM without encryption, while any public certificate should be in the form of ssh-rsa. Note that ssh-rsa files should not include extra blank lines because they are used for hash.

For the configuration file, you can find an example here:

```
{
    "remote_control_host":"example.com",
    "local_cert":"client.pem",
    "remote_cert":"server.pub",
    "local_cert_pub":"client.pub"
}
```

For a full list of settings:

| Index name            | Value Type & Description | Required / Default|
| ----------------------|:------------------------:| -----------------:|
| remote_control_host   | str, UDP dest. host      | REQUIRED          |
| remote_control_port   | integer, UDP dest. port  | 9000              |
| local_host            | str, proxy listening addr| "127.0.0.1"       |
| local_port            | integer, proxy port      | 8001              |
| remote_host           | str, listening host      | "0.0.0.0"         |
| remote_port           | integer, listening port  | 8000              |
| number                | integer, how many conn.  | 3                 |
| local_cert            | str, path of client pri  | REQUIRED          |
| local_cert_pub        | str, path of client pub  | REQUIRED          |
| remote_cert           | str, path of server pub  | REQUIRED          |

##Acknowledgements

The client-end software adapted part of the pyotp library created by Mark Percival <m@mdp.im>. His code is reused under Python Port copyright, license attached.

##License

Copyright 2015 ArkC contributers

The ArkC-client and ArkC-server utilities are licensed under GNU GPLv2. You should obtain a copy of the license with the software.

ArkC is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

ArkC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with ArkC.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
